Support differentiable coefficients for observables (#6598)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Improvements 🛠</h3>

> * The coefficients of observables now has improved differentiation.

Reviewer: Perhaps?
```suggestion
* The coefficients of observables now have improved differentiability.
```
